c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Initial.resources
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Supplier.resources
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Rating.resources
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.dll.config
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.pdb
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.pdb
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.xml
c:\users\p120bd0\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.pdb
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.xml
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Client.Net45.dll
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Client.Net45.pdb
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\P120BD0\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.dll.config
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ODataPOC.pdb
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Owin.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Client.Net45.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.pdb
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Client.Net45.pdb
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Supplier.resources
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ProductService.Migrations.Rating.resources
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.dll
C:\gitcode\ODataPOC\ODataPOC\obj\Debug\ODataPOC.pdb
